Amazon Textract React example (#1766)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: javascriptv3/example_code/cross-services/textract-react/README.md

# Amazon Textract React example

## Purpose

> Shows how to use the AWS SDK for JavaScript, Version 3, to build a React application

Reviewer: Although it's implicit in this paragraphs, might be useful to add a high level description of Textract - e.g. 'Amazon Textract is a machine learning service that automatically extracts text, handwriting and data from scanned documents to identify, understand, and extract data from forms and tables.'

Author: Sounds good, I added it.

    ```
    
    The stack is deployed when it reports a StackStatus of CREATE_COMPLETE.

1. Set up additional items needed for the example by running the `DeployDestroy.js` 
script with the `deploy` option and pass the stack name you used in the previous step.

    ```
    node DeployDestroy.js deploy <stack-name>
    ```
    
    This script puts output data from the CloudFormation stack into the `Config.js` file 
    and uploads a default image to Amazon S3. 
    
## Running the code

The application runs in a web browser.

1. Start the development web server by running the following commands.

    ```
    cd src
    npm start
    ```

1. If your browser does not open automatically, open a browser and navigate to 
[http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

1. Select **Sign in**. This navigates you to an Amazon Cognito hosted UI where you
can sign in or sign up to create an Amazon Cognito identity. If you create a new
identity, you must provide a valid email address to receive a verification code. An
Amazon Cognito authenticated role is required to access the asynchronous Amazon
Textract APIs used by this example.

> 1. After you sign in to Amazon Cognito, you are redirected back to the example 

Reviewer: Should these step numbers increment? Maybe just a display issue?

Author: Markdown will auto-increment a numbered list when it renders.

# Amazon Textract React example

## Purpose

> Shows how to use the AWS SDK for JavaScript, Version 3, to build a React application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shows how to use the AWS SDK for JavaScript (v3), to build a React application
```
